#### 1. Class modifiers
1. **Public (No Modifier)**
- If no modifier is specified, the class is considered public.
- Public classes can be accessed from anywhere in the same package or from other packages if imported.
```dart
class MyClass {}
```
2. **Private (_)**:
- Classes or members prefixed with an underscore (_) are private.
- Private classes or members can only be accessed within the same library. (within the same file)
```dart
class _MyPrivateClass {}
```
3. **Abstract (abstract)**: 
- An abstract class cannot be instantiated directly.
- Abstract classes can contain abstract methods (methods without a body) that must be implemented by subclasses.
```dart
abstract class MyAbstractClass {}
```
4. **Immutable (immutable)**:
- An immutable class is a class whose fields cannot be changed after object creation.
- Immutable classes are often used for creating data models or value types.
```dart
@immutable class MyImmutableClass {}
```
#### 2. Method modifiers
1. **Public (No Modifier)**
- If no modifier is specified, the method is considered public.
- Public methods can be accessed from anywhere in the same class, subclass, or external code that has access to the class.
```dart
void myMethod() {}
```
2. **Private (_)**:
- Methods prefixed with an underscore (_) are private.
- Private methods can only be accessed within the same class or library.
```dart
void _myPrivateMethod() {}
```
3. **Static (static)**:
- Static methods belong to the class itself rather than to instances of the class.
- They can be called without creating an instance of the class.
```dart
static void myStaticMethod() {}
```
4. **Abstract (abstract)**:
- Abstract methods are declared without a body and must be implemented by subclasses.
- They are typically declared in abstract classes.
```dart
abstract void myAbstractMethod();
```
5. **Asynchronous (async)**:
- An asynchronous method can perform operations asynchronously using `await` and `async` keywords.
- It returns a `Future` or `Stream`.
```dart
Future<void> myAsyncMethod() async {}
```
6. __Generator (sync_, async_)**:
- Generator methods are used to create iterators that can produce a sequence of values lazily.
- They are declared with `sync*` for synchronous generators and `async*` for asynchronous generators.
```dart
Iterable<int> mySyncGenerator() sync* {}
Stream<int> myAsyncGenerator() async* {}
```