## USER PERMISSION AND ACCESS
- user has different access based on who they are
- user has different login and permission
- user with specific role can access some thing and cannot access other.

# ROOT USER
- when you create an AWS account you will be the root user.
- this user is the owner of the AWS account
- you can do everything that AWS has to offer.
- you can access any resource without looking for any permission.

Multi-Factor authentication (MFA)
- required for the root user since you will be able to access everything
- you will be required of email, password and token to login

# AWS IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT (AWS IAM)
- you don't want any user to access everything
- root user can create an IAM users
- creating an IAM users, by default it does not have any permission
- root user have to set permission for the IAM user

LEAST PRIVILEGE PRINCIPLE
- a user is granted only to what they need

IAM POLICY
- to grant access to the user you must set an IAM policy
- is a JSON document, that describes what API call a user can or cannot make
- you can assign this to a user or a group
Example:
{
  "version": "2021-10-17",
  "Statement": {
    "Effect": "Allow",
    "Action": "s3:ListBucket",
    "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::coofee_shop_reports"
  }
}

Effect: Allow or Deny
Action: Any AWS API call
Resource: Which AWS resource the API call is for

# IAM GROUPS
- they are group of users
- you can attach a policy on a group, everyone on that group can access
what are defined on that policy

# AWS IAM
- Root user (can do anything)
- Users (users set by root user or other user)
- Groups (groups the user)
- Policies (describes the permission)
- Roles

# ROLES
- roles changes
- you can create identity on AWS that are called roles
- roles has associated permissions
- that allow or deny access
- assumed for temporary amount of time
- no username and password
- access to temporary permission to AWS resources to
  - users
  - external identities
  - applications
  - other AWS services


  IAM Roles
  In the coffee shop, an employee rotates to different workstations throughout
  the day. Depending on the staffing of the coffee shop, this employee might
  perform several duties: work at the cash register, update the inventory
  system, process online orders, and so on.

  When the employee needs to switch to a different task, they give up their
  access to one workstation and gain access to the next workstation. The
  employee can easily switch between workstations, but at any given point in
  time, they can have access to only a single workstation. This same concept
  exists in AWS with IAM roles.

  An IAM role is an identity that you can assume to gain temporary access to
  permissions.

  Before an IAM user, application, or service can assume an IAM role, they must
  be granted permissions to switch to the role. When someone assumes an IAM
  role, they abandon all previous permissions that they had under a previous
  role and assume the permissions of the new role. 
