#### DEPLOYMENT MODELS FOR CLOUD COMPUTING
- when selecting a cloud strategy, a company must consider factors
such as:
- required cloud application components
- preferred resource management tools
- legacy IT infrastructure requirements.

### CLOUD COMPUTING DEPLOYMENT MODELS
  * CLOUD-BASED DEPLOYMENT (ON CLOUD)
  (In a cloud-based deployment model, you can migrate existing applications to
  the cloud, or you can design and build new applications in the cloud. You can
  build those applications on low-level infrastructure that requires your IT
  staff to manage them. Alternatively, you can build them using higher-level
  services that reduce the management, architecting, and scaling requirements
  of the core infrastructure.)
  EXAMPLE: a company might create an application consisting of virtual servers,
  databases, and networking components that are fully based in the cloud.
  - Run all parts of the application in the cloud.
  - Migrate existing applications to the cloud.
  - Design and build new applications in the cloud.


  * ON-PREMISES DEPLOYMENT (PRIVATE CLOUD)
  (On-premises deployment is also known as a private cloud deployment. In this
  model, resources are deployed on premises by using virtualization and resource
  management tools.)
  EXAMPLE: you might have applications that run on technology that is fully kept
  in your on-premises data center. Though this model is much like legacy IT
  infrastructure, its incorporation of application management and virtualization
  technologies helps to increase resource utilization.
  - Deploy resources by using virtualization and resource management tools.
  - Increase resource utilization by using application management and
  virtualization technologies.

  * Hybrid Deployment
  (In a hybrid deployment, cloud-based resources are connected to on-premises
  infrastructure. You might want to use this approach in a number of situations.
  For example, you have legacy applications that are better maintained on
  premises, or government regulations require your business to keep certain
  records on premises.)
  EAMPLE: suppose that a company wants to use cloud services that can automate
  batch data processing and analytics. However, the company has several legacy
  applications that are more suitable on premises and will not be migrated to
  the cloud. With a hybrid deployment, the company would be able to keep the
  legacy applications on premises while benefiting from the data and analytics
  services that run in the cloud.
  - Connect cloud-based resources to on-premises infrastructure.
  - Integrate cloud-based resources with legacy IT applications.