#### Benefits of Cloud Computing
Consider why a company might choose to take a particular cloud computing
approach when addressing business needs.

#### 1. Trade upfront expense for variable expense
Upfront expense refers to data centers, physical servers, and other
resources that you would need to invest in before using them. Variable expense
means you only pay for computing resources you consume instead of investing
heavily in data centers and servers before you know how you’re going to use
them.

By taking a cloud computing approach that offers the benefit of variable
expense, companies can implement innovative solutions while saving on costs.

#### 2. Stop spending money to run and maintain data centers
Computing in data centers often requires you to spend more money and time
managing infrastructure and servers. A benefit of cloud computing is the
ability to focus less on these tasks and more on your applications and
customers.

#### 3. Stop guessing capacity
With cloud computing, you don’t have to predict how much infrastructure capacity
you will need before deploying an application. For example, you can launch
Amazon EC2 instances when needed, and pay only for the compute time you use.
Instead of paying for unused resources or having to deal with limited capacity,
you can access only the capacity that you need. You can also scale in or scale
out in response to demand.

#### 4. Benefit from massive economies of scale
By using cloud computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you can get
on your own. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers can aggregate
in the cloud, providers, such as AWS, can achieve higher economies of scale.
The economy of scale translates into lower pay-as-you-go prices.

#### 5. Increase speed and agility
The flexibility of cloud computing makes it easier for you to develop and deploy
applications.

This flexibility provides you with more time to experiment and innovate. When
computing in data centers, it may take weeks to obtain new resources that you
need. By comparison, cloud computing enables you to access new resources within
minutes.

#### 6. Go global in minutes
The global footprint of the AWS Cloud enables you to deploy applications to
customers around the world quickly, while providing them with low latency. This
means that even if you are located in a different part of the world than your
customers, customers are able to access your applications with minimal delays.

Later in this course, you will explore the AWS global infrastructure in greater
detail. You will examine some of the services that you can use to deliver
content to customers around the world.