
#### CLOUD COMPUTING MODELS
* Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
Infrastructure as a Service, sometimes abbreviated as IaaS, contains the basic
building blocks for cloud IT and typically provide access to networking features,
computers (virtual or on dedicated hardware), and data storage space.
Infrastructure as a Service provides you with the highest level of flexibility
and management control over your IT resources and is most similar to existing IT
resources that many IT departments and developers are familiar with today.

* Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Platforms as a service remove the need for organizations to manage the underlying
infrastructure (usually hardware and operating systems) and allow you to focus on
the deployment and management of your applications. This helps you be more
efficient as you don’t need to worry about resource procurement, capacity
planning, software maintenance, patching, or any of the other undifferentiated
heavy lifting involved in running your application.

* Software as a Service (SaaS)
Software as a Service provides you with a completed product that is run and
managed by the service provider. In most cases, people referring to Software as
a Service are referring to end-user applications. With a SaaS offering you do
not have to think about how the service is maintained or how the underlying
infrastructure is managed; you only need to think about how you will use that
particular piece of software. A common example of a SaaS application is web-based
email where you can send and receive email without having to manage feature
additions to the email product or maintaining the servers and operating systems
that the email program is running on.