Senior Full Stack Developer - React, NodeJS, Next, Web & Mobile
INDEED
Pay: Php70,000.00 - Php120,000.00 per month

https://castledigital.com.au/

**An exciting opportunity to join a fast growing Australian software development company that is building high quality mobile and web applications for its clients. Great rewards available for the right candidates.**

**Highlights**

- Be part of a friendly and passionate team
- Work from home
- Opportunities for growth and career progression

**Skills and Responsibilities**

- Build, deploy and support high quality web and hybrid mobile applications for our clients
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new products / features
- Optimise performance and ensure robustness and security of the app
- Work with the team to support new work costings and timelines
- Work on individual projects and as part of a team
- Keep up-to-date with latest technologies, best practices and industry trend

If you love coding, problem solving and are using AI in your workflow this role could be for you.

**Experience**

- At least four years' relevant working experience
- Very Experienced in React Native/ ReactJS and NodeJS/Express/NextJS
- Experienced at using relational and no SQL databases
- Preferred: experience in PHP/Laravel/Flutter/Rust
- Preferred: experience with Blockchain technology & smart contracts
- Must be using AI tools to support your development efforts
- Excellent verbal communication skills
- Ability to demonstrate passion and talent for technology

Castle Digital is a fast growing software development business that helps its customers deliver an expectational user experience to their clients. Opportunities may exist in the future to move to Australia for the right candidate.

If you are seeking an excellent opportunity to demonstrate your development skills and deep knowledge and experience, this Senior Full Stack Development(React/Node/Next) role is right for you.

If you want your application to be prioritised, send your updated CV to the contact details below, or contact me to discuss this new opportunity.

Work Remotely

- Yes

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Php70,000.00 - Php120,000.00 per month

Benefits:

- Opportunities for promotion
- Pay raise
- Work from home

Schedule:

- Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

- Performance bonus

Application Question(s):

- Are you passionate about coding?
- What is your salary expectation?
- Can you work alone and in a team?
- Can you start within 2 weeks?
- Are you using AI either as a tool or have you used AI in any projects?