##### About the Job

**Work from home** and join a fast-growing Australian fintech company! We’re seeking an experienced Frontend Engineer who has a background with Web Development.


**Minimum Requirements:**

- Applicants must be residing in the Philippines.
- 3+ years of HTML/CSS/JavaScript coding experience.
- 3-5 years cumulative experience in Software Development.
- Strong JavaScript software development experience.
- Knowledge of front-end frameworks, preferably ReactJS.
- Knowledge of the basic principles of web hosting, with a preference for client-side rendering.
- Knowledgeable in responsive website design.
- Knowledgeable in self-hosting web applications.
- Knowledgeable in UI testing (unit testing, Integration testing, E2E testing).
- Experience working with REST APIs.
- Git and code versioning systems such as Bitbucket/GitHub/CodeCommit.
- Consideration for system architecture and design.
- Excellent communication, collaboration, reporting, analytical, and problem-solving skills.

  
**Must have skills:**

- ReactJS
- Typescript

  
**Good to have skills:**

- Unit and Integration Testing Automation
- WebComponents

  
**Key Responsibilities:**

- Design and develop user-facing web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
- Collaborate with the back-end development team to integrate front-end and back-end components.
- Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs.
- Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability.
- Participate in code reviews and contribute to the development of front-end best practices.
- Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry trends.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
- Identify and resolve technical issues as needed.
- Contribute to the development and maintenance of project documentation.

  
This is a full-time position following the 9 AM to 6 PM Manila schedule.

  

**About the Company:** 

We're shaping the future of financial services! 

  

Initially driven by dissatisfaction with 'old-school' solutions and convoluted processes, we set out to revolutionize the financial advice industry. Utilizing our own proprietary technology, we've streamlined the back office of financial advice businesses, making life easier and more efficient for both financial advisors and their clients. 

  

But that was just the beginning. Since our public launch in 2021, we've grown exponentially, expanding our vision to become more than just a digital fact-finding solution. Our integration platform now serves large financial services enterprises like investment platforms and life insurers, using custom middleware applications that enhance user experiences. 

  

Fast forward to 2023, Elemnta was born to address industry challenges head-on. It's a product of the knowledge acquired by our advisors through overcoming various obstacles supported by our genuine experiences and the wisdom derived from the lessons learned along the way.

  

Our primary goal is to unleash your digital capabilities by facilitating connections, streamlining integrations, and catalyzing business transformation, all aimed at delivering a top-tier digital experience.

  

To learn more about our organization and the unique offerings we're developing, feel free to navigate to www.advicerevolution.com.au and www.elemnta.com.

  

Apply today - the future is bright and we want you to be a part of it!

##### About Elemnta

Elemnta is a software development company founded in 2018 and based in Sydney, Australia. We specialize in providing financial services solutions and digital applications to the financial industry. The core focus is to connect, integrate, and transform businesses for the best-in-class digital experience.