## About the job

**Role Overview  
  
**We are looking for a highly skilled and experienced Frontend Developer specializing in React to join our client’s dynamic team. This role demands a deep understanding of modern front-end technologies.  
  
**Rate paid in PHP: PHP 400 - PHP 450 per hour ($8 -$9 USD per hour)  
  
Schedule: 7am to 3pm** **West Africa Time or** **6am to 2pm** **West Africa Time  
  
****Key Responsibilities  
  
**

- Design and develop a responsive, user-centric website using React.- Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs while maintaining high-quality graphic standards and brand consistency.- Optimize the application for maximum speed and scalability across various devices, including mobile phones and tablets.- Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability and meet product stakeholder requirements.- Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code adhering to industry best practices.- Troubleshoot and debug to resolve any front-end issues.- Implement new features and functionalities guided by user feedback.- Stay up-to-date with emerging trends in front-end technologies and apply them in operations and activities.  
      
    

**Qualifications:  
  
**

- At least 4 years of experience in frontend development with a focus on React.- Strong understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3.- Proficiency in client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, especially React.- Experience with responsive and adaptive design.  
      
    

**Personal Attributes:  
  
**

- Strong problem-solving skills and a creative approach to tackling challenges.- Excellent communication and teamwork skills.- Detail-oriented with an ability to see the bigger picture.- Self-motivated with a strong work ethic.- Passion for delivering a great user experience.  
      
    

**Benefits  
  
**

- Work from home- Access to diverse projects- Opportunities for professional growth- Collaboration with diverse teams- No commute time- No dress code (unless there’s a meeting!)- Eco-friendly work lifestyle- Exposure to a multicultural team- Potential for long-term engagement- Improved work-life balance  
      
    

**About 1840 & Company  
  
**1840 & Company is a global leader in Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) and remote talent solutions, dedicated to propelling businesses forward through our comprehensive suite of services. We specialize in connecting companies with world-class freelance professionals and delivering top-tier outsourcing services, across over 150 countries worldwide.  
  
Our mission is to empower growth for forward-thinking businesses, seamlessly bridging any skill or resource gaps with our expertly vetted talent pool. We firmly believe in fostering an environment where exceptional individuals can achieve an optimal work-life balance, working remotely from any location, while maximizing their professional growth and earning potential.  
  
We are headquartered in Overland Park, KS, USA with service delivery facilities in the Philippines, India, Ukraine, South Africa and Argentina. We invite you to explore the opportunities we offer and consider joining our exclusive network of global freelance talent. Visit www.1840andco.com to learn more about us. To explore a wealth of career opportunities and find a role that suits your unique skills and aspirations, please visit our dedicated jobs portal at jobs.1840andco.com