## AMAZON REDSHIFT

- most of the relational databases can write content at fast speed at certain
capacity.

PROBLEM
- some times we have a business need that goes outside on what is happening to
what did happen.
- we can use the one size fits all model of single database for everything but
modern database that are engineered for high speed real time ingestion or queries
may not be the best fit.
- in order to handle the velocity into the real time database read and write functionality,
most of the databases functions really well at certain capacities.
- the problem with historical analytics is when getting data for specific kind of
report it may not be able to delivery perfectly because the data never stops so
the volume of data will overwhelmed even the traditional relational database.
- not just the volume of data but the variety of tables, making a query from multiple
tables may cause a performance issue because data from the different tables
increases on its volume.

# IF YOU WANT TO RUN BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE AGAINST MULTPLE TABLE WITH BIG HISTORICAL
DATA, YOU MIGHT HAVE A PROBLEM.

SOLUTION: DATA WAREHOUSE
- design for big data issues where your are looking for historical analytics as
opposed to operation analysis.
- it is good for the historical data that is already set not on the current because
data is moving.
- if your main purpose is to see data from the past, using data warehouse maybe
is the best approach.
- while doing data analysis for the past few hours, the data might be moving.
EXAMPLE:
  * checking your sales across stores.
  * how may more items of product we have for the past hours or now.
  * data might be moving so we can have an issue


# Keeping a data have a great heavy lifting and continuous scaling

## AMAZON REDSHIFT
- data warehouse as a service
- your team can focus on keeping a data instead of unavoidable care of feeding
the engine.
- redshift nodes in multiple petabytes sizes is very common
- you can directly run a single SQL query against terabytes of unstructured data
running on data lakes.
- not only limited on querying on petabytes of data sets
- 10 times higher performance that traditional databases.
- it provides you data with a single API call
