
**Installation Command:**
```npm
npm install --save-dev jest
```

**Package.json**
```
{  
	"scripts": {  
		"test": "jest"  
	}  
}
```

**Run the test**
`yarn test` or `npm test`

**Test specific describe**
```
jest --testPathPattern="Group A"
```
Group A - is the describe name

```
jest --testPathPattern="groupA.test.js"
```
Or
```
jest --testPathPattern="path/to/groupA"
```

**Cli flags**

1. **--config**: Specifies the path to the Jest configuration file. You can use this option to specify a custom configuration file instead of the default `jest.config.js` or `package.json`.
    
2. **--coverage**: Generates code coverage reports after running the tests. By default, Jest collects coverage information and outputs it to the console, but you can use this option to generate detailed HTML coverage reports.
    
3. **--watch**: Runs Jest in watch mode, where it watches for changes to files and re-runs tests automatically whenever a file changes. Jest will stay running and continuously watch your files for changes.
    
4. **--watchAll**: Similar to `--watch`, but runs all tests instead of only tests related to changed files. Useful when you want to watch all files, not just the ones you're actively working on.
    
5. **--testPathPattern**: Specifies a regex pattern to match test file paths against. Only test files that match the pattern will be executed. Useful for running tests in specific files or directories.
    
6. **--runInBand**: Runs all tests serially in the current process rather than spawning separate processes for each test suite. This can be useful for debugging or when running tests in environments with limited resources.
    
7. **--no-cache**: Disables Jest's cache. By default, Jest caches test results to improve performance by only re-running tests that have changed since the last test run.
    
8. **--verbose**: Increases the amount of logging output. Jest will print additional information about the test runs, including which tests are being run and how long they take.
    
9. **--silent**: Suppresses all console output from the test run, including test results and errors. Useful for running Jest in environments where you only want to see the final test result.
    
10. **--updateSnapshot**: Updates snapshot files automatically when they change during test runs. Snapshots are used to automatically detect changes in rendered output, such as HTML or JSON.
    
11. **--bail**: Stops test execution after the first test failure. Useful for quickly identifying failing tests without waiting for the entire test suite to complete.