## AWS SNOW FAMILY
- AWS offers a devices (hardware) that able to handle large amount of data

# PROBLEM
- you want to move data into AWS, the usual way is to copy the required data
over the internet or over a direct connect line.
- but you will have a bandwidth problem since you are limited to the internet
provider or the speed of your connection.

# SOLUTION: AWS SNOW FAMILY OF DEVICES
# AWS Snowcone (8 terabytes)
- device that contains 8 terabytes of data and contains edge computing
- to obtain 1, you place an order via AWS Management Console, they will ship it
to your place.
- copy your data into the device and ship the device back into the AWS.
- AWS will copy the data into your AWS account

# AWS Snowball Edge (80 terabytes)
- if 8 terabytes is not enough
- they fit into existing server racks and can be clustered for more computing
needs
VERSIONS:
  * Snowball Compute Optimized
  * Snowball Storage Optimized

# AWS Snowmobile (100 petabytes)
- it is shipped in a shipping container and delivered via a truck
- houses 100 petabytes of storage
- data stored on the servers are encrypted

## NOTES
# AWS Snowcone
- AWS Snowcone is a small, rugged, and secure edge computing and data transfer device.
- It features 2 CPUs, 4 GB of memory, and 8 TB of usable storage.

# AWS Snowball
- AWS Snowball offers two types of devices:
- Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices are well suited for large-scale data
migrations and recurring transfer workflows, in addition to local computing with
higher capacity needs. Snowball Edge Storage Optimized provides 80 TB of HDD
capacity for block volumes and Amazon S3-compatible object storage, and 1 TB of
SATA SSD for block volumes.
- Snowball Edge Compute Optimized provides powerful computing resources for use
cases such as machine learning, full motion video analysis, analytics, and local
computing stacks.

# AWS Snowmobile
- AWS Snowmobile is an exabyte-scale data transfer service used to move large
amounts of data to AWS.
- You can transfer up to 100 petabytes of data per Snowmobile, a 45-foot long
ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a semi trailer truck.
