"THE SAME THING, DIFFERENT WAYS"
- treating different type of object as the same thing.
- it means, if we have many object that have the same methods or functionality inside we can treat them as the same if we are using that specific property inside them.
- the objects doesn't have to be came from one inherited parent, it can be an isolated function on itself but does the same thing what other does.
- for example, human, dog, elephant can eat. But they eat in different ways. Eating is what represents polymorphism in this case.
- the word "polymorphism" means "many forms", and in programming it refers to methods/functions/operators with the same name that can be executed on many objects or classes.
- Polymorphism is often used in Class methods, where we can have multiple classes with the same method name.
In this example, we have different object/class that doesn't relate to each other but they do the same thing move(), they did not necessarily inherit from one parent.
```
class Car:  
  def __init__(self, brand, model):  
    self.brand = brand  
    self.model = model  
  
  def move(self):  
    print("Drive!")  
  
class Boat:  
  def __init__(self, brand, model):  
    self.brand = brand  
    self.model = model  
  
  def move(self):  
    print("Sail!")  
  
class Plane:  
  def __init__(self, brand, model):  
    self.brand = brand  
    self.model = model  
  
  def move(self):  
    print("Fly!")  
  
car1 = Car("Ford", "Mustang")       #Create a Car class  
boat1 = Boat("Ibiza", "Touring 20") #Create a Boat class  
plane1 = Plane("Boeing", "747")     #Create a Plane class  
  
for x in (car1, boat1, plane1):  
  x.move()
```
Look at the for loop at the end. Because of polymorphism we can execute the same method for all three classes.

#### Inheritance class polymorphism
- What about classes with child classes with the same name? Can we use polymorphism there?
- Yes. If we use the example above and make a parent class called `Vehicle`, and make `Car`, `Boat`, `Plane` child classes of `Vehicle`, the child classes inherits the `Vehicle` methods, but can override them.
In this example, we used inheritance to implement polymorphism. Since multiple classes inherited from one parent, polymorphism is achieved. Children can modify the function created by the parent so that it would act in a different way.
```
class Vehicle:  
  def __init__(self, brand, model):  
    self.brand = brand  
    self.model = model  
  
  def move(self):  
    print("Move!")  
  
class Car(Vehicle):  
  pass  
  
class Boat(Vehicle):  
  def move(self):  
    print("Sail!")  
  
class Plane(Vehicle):  
  def move(self):  
    print("Fly!")  
  
car1 = Car("Ford", "Mustang") #Create a Car object  
boat1 = Boat("Ibiza", "Touring 20") #Create a Boat object  
plane1 = Plane("Boeing", "747") #Create a Plane object  
  
for x in (car1, boat1, plane1):  
  print(x.brand)  
  print(x.model)  
  x.move()
```

Child classes inherits the properties and methods from the parent class.

In the example above you can see that the `Car` class is empty, but it inherits `brand`, `model`, and `move()` from `Vehicle`.

The `Boat` and `Plane` classes also inherit `brand`, `model`, and `move()` from `Vehicle`, but they both override the `move()` method.

Because of polymorphism we can execute the same method for all classes.