SERVERLESS
- You cannot see or access the underlying infrastructure.
- You can just access services that are offered by the AWS.
- On EC2 you configure your instances and architecture.
- Everything is manage by the AWS.

OTHER SERVICES

# LAMBDA
- you can upload your code to its lambda function.
- you can configure a trigger for the uploaded code.
- when the trigger is detected code is automatically run.
- lambda will automatically scale your function to meet the demands
- runs code within 15mins, not for long processes
- this is only good for process that can run under 15mins.

# CONTAINER ORCHESTRATION TOOL
- Elastic Container Services (ECS)
- Elastic Kubernetes Services (EKS)
Both of these services are CONTAINER ORCHESTRATION TOOLS
- These are docker containers
- a container is a package for your code
- These containers run on top of EC2 containers and isolated from each other

## CONTAINER ORCHESTRAION
- managing multiple instances running a container
- EC2 and EKS runs its own container orchestration

If you do container on your own you have to deal with
- Start
- Stop
- Restart
- Monitor
Containers running on multiple EC2 instances
which is called a cluster.
CLUSTER - container running on multiple EC2 instances.

## AWS FARGATE
- if you don't want to manage anything on a server on running container.
- it is used for ECS and EKS


############ AWS SERVICE USE CASES ############
# EC2
- host traditional applications
- full access to the OS

# AWS LAMBDA (SERVERLESS)
- host short running applications
- service-oriented applications
- event driven applications
- no provisioning or managing servers

# ECS or EKS TOOLS (DOCKER CONTAINER TOOLS)
- run Docker container-based workloads on AWS
- choose where you want to run these tools.
  * EC2
  * Fargate

# EC2 - you manage the server
# Fargate - everything is managed for you
