## LOAD BALANCING
## ELB (ELASTIC LOAD BALANCING)

# PROBLEM
- all user request are only running on one instance even though we have multiple
instance to process request.
- other instances are idle since they don't process any request.

# SOLUTION: LOAD BALANCES
- load balancers direct user request to multiple instances so that the task is
evenly distributed.

## ELASTIC LOAD BALANCING (ELB)
# PROPERLY DISTRIBUTE TRAFFIC IN A
- High performance
- Cost efficient
- Highly available
- Automatically scalable system

## ELB
- is a regional construct
- automatic scalable
  - when the traffic grows ELB is designed to handle the additional throughput
  without change in the hourly cost.
- when the EC2 scale up and in, then AUTO SCALING service informs the ELB that
it is ready to handle traffic.

## ELB WITH AUTO SCALLING
* SCALE UP
- the auto scaling informs the ELB that some instances is available to to handle traffic.

* SCALE IN
- the auto scaling inform the ELB that some instances is ready for the
termination so that new request will not be entertained.
- before termination of an EC2 instance, it has to complete the last request first
to avoid disruption to customers.

## ELB ON FRONTEND AND BACKEND AND MORE
* PROBLEM:
- frontend instances is aware of all backend instance which is good. But if we manage
multiple instances, everything will be super complicated.
* SOLUTION:
- using an ELB will handle all the complexity.
- the ELB will also handle the traffic to multiple instances, if one instance is processing
least traffic, traffic will be redirected there.
- in this case, the frontend doesn't know how many backend instances there is.
