## MESENGING AND QUEUEUING
## SQS (SIMPLE QUEUE SERVICE)
## SNS (SIMPLE NOTIFICATION SERVICE)

# PROBLEM
- when receiving request, the frontend EC2 instance keeps receiving request
from the user and it sends all the request to the backend instance that processes
the request.
- the backend instance cannot entertain all that request which causes for the
request to fail.

# TIGHTLY COUPLED ARCHITECTURE (PROBLEM)
- applications request directly to each other which causes some issues is the
other cannot process everything.
- if application B fails request send by application A, application A will have errors
as well.

# SOLUTION: MESSENGING AND QUEUEUING
- the request is placed on the buffer, which is like a list of orders to be processed.

# LOOSELY COUPLED ARCHITECTURE (MESSENGING AND QUEUEUING)
- applications sends message to each other and read that message when other application
is ready to process another request.
- failures are isolated.
* MESSAGE QUEUE
  - front end application does not send the request directly to backend application,
  instead it sends the request to the message queue.
  - if the backend application fails, the request are on queue/list and send it again
  once the backend are available.

## SQS (SIMPLE QUEUE SERVICE)
- Send message
- Store messages
- Receive messages
between software components at any volume
- SQS messages are where messages are stored until they are processed
# PAYLOAD - the data contained within the message
- contains the data and time

## SNS (SIMPLE NOTIFICATION SERVICE)
- similar to SQS, it sends messages to services but it can also send messages to
end users.
- SNS does messaging in a different way, the PUBLISH AND SUBSCRIBE (PUBSUB).

# PUBSUB MODEL (SNS Topic)
  - a channel for messages to be delivered
  - you can configure SUBSCRIBES to a topic
  - then PUBLISH messages for the subscribers
  - SUBSCRIBERS can also be an endpoints like
    * SQS
    * LAMDA functions
    * Https/http web hooks
  - can send notification to end users using
    * SMS
    * Mobile push
    * Email
