
### Three Layers of Snowflake

- Cloud Services (Brain of the system)
	- Optimization
	- Data Management
	- Transactions
	- Security and governance
	- Metadata
	- Sharing and Collaboration
- Multi-Cluster Compute (Muscle of the system)
	- For running multiple workload without resource contention
	- Query processing
	- Virtual warehouse
- Centralize Storage (Hybrid Columnar)
	- Structure Data
	- Unstructured Data

### Traditional Architecture vs Snowflake

#### 1. Traditional
- Db services, compute and storage are tightly coupled
- It have two types shared-disk and shared-nothing
	- Shared Disk - have multiple compute nodes and access data on a single centralized storage.
		- Efficient data sharing
		- Failover capabilities.
	- Shared Nothing - data is stored among nodes to be stored locally.
		- Better scalability
		- Performance
#### Snowflake
- enables multi-clustered shared data capability which combines the two approach of the traditional approach.
	- Data sharing
	- Failover capabilities
	- Scalability
	- Performance

###### The 3 layers in depth
- Storage
	- Is where all our data is stored and resides on scalable cloud storage
	- Can be configured on top of:
		- AWS S3
		- Google Cloud
		- Azure blob storage
	- When data is stored in snowflakes, snowflake reorganized that data into its
		- Optimization
		- Compression
		- Columnar format
	- Stored into micro partition allowing
		- Efficient data storage
		- Faster retrieval
	- Data are encrypted into aes-256-bit
	- Can store wide range of data formats like
		- Structured
			- Integer
			- String
			- Arrays
			- Nested
			- Etc
		- Semi-structured
			- JSON
			- Avro
			- Parquet
			- Orc
			- XML
		- Unstructured
			- Documents
			- Images
			- Audio
			- Video
- Compute
	- Executes task like
		- Data loading
		- Analytic Queries
		- Data Pipelines/Transformations
		- Machine Learning Models Scoring and Training
	- Using virtual warehouses (same to K8s Cluster)
		- Each virtual warehouse is a massive parallel processing (MPP) compute cluster of independent compute resources.
		- Deployed on demand
			- Vertical scaling (ex: x-small to 6x-large)
			- Horizontal scaling by adding additional virtual warehouse (ex: add new cluster instance) without any downtime or disruption.
- Service
	- is a collection of services that coordinate and execute activities across the platform using virtual warehouses like.
		- Authentication
		- Infrastructure management
		- Metadata management - it retains metadata on how data has been used making it possible for new warehouses to used that data.
		- Query parsing and optimization
		- Access control

#### Client Application
- Web interface
- SnowSQL
- Language drivers
- SQL API (Rest)
- 3rd party connectors

#### Snowflake credit
- Pay only for processing time used by each virtual warehouse
- Charge based on the number of warehouse you used, how long they run and their size.

#### Reference
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts