is a place where we put things temporarily with intention to later move them to a more stable, longer term location. Staging is snowflake is just moving a file to your cloud storage like S3, then snowflake will automatically detect it during your query as it already existed.

#### 1. Staging in real world
- Loading bays
	- doors and staging area
	- things here are about to be loaded into a truck or on a process of being unloaded from a truck and then going to end up in the shelves.
- Staging areas
	- marked on floor with yellow rectangles are places where goods are put temporarily before they're moved onto the shelves for storage or onto a truck for transit to some other location.

#### 2. Old school data warehouses
- Middle stop between transactions (OLTP)
- Reporting (OLAP)
**Transaction database**
- track all the purchases and transactions all day
**Reporting database**
- reports are generated and stored on the reporting database.
**Staging database**
- data from transaction database, might have a very different structure from the reporting database. To process the data first before processing or moving to the reporting database, a staging database is used.
Transaction -> Staging -> Reporting

#### 3. Staging on snowflake
snowflake stage is more like cloud folders or directories where you places files so that snowflake service can pick them up and pull them  into database structures quickly and securely.

#### 4. Types of stages in snowflakes
- **Internal stages** - almost acts like directory inside snowflake account's local storage.
- **External stages** - acts more like a secure gateway between cloud storage service and snowflake service.

**Cloud storage services**
- S3
- GCP
- Azure
If we use external stage, we have to setup external storage account.
Requirements for using external cloud service:
- Cloud storage location (S3)
- Cloud storage credentials (IAM)
- Stage definition (Stage object in snowflake,  where contains references to the two required)

#### 5. Creating a stage object
1. Go to specific schema (ex: UTIL_DB/PUBLIC)
2. Click create
3. Click stage
4. Click external stage -> amazon s3
5. Add stage name
6. Add S3 location
7. Enable directory table
8. Click create

This steps might change if the s3 require an IAM account.

#### 6. Commands
1. List all
	- displays the list of object
	- make sure that database and schema is selected
	
		list @stage_name;
		or
		list @database.schema.stage_name;

2. List with prefix
	- display object with specific prefix at start.
	
		list @stage_name/this_;
		list @stage_name/THIS_;

#### 7. Data movement lifecycle
How data is delivered in cloud storage location:
- **Pre-stage data movement (Upload of data to cloud storage)**
	- data are coming external from snowflake
	- the cloud provide methods you can use to load data into your directory
		- AWS S3
			- Amazon Transfer for SFTP
			- Amazon CLI
			- Standard Web Interface
			- Programmatically (Python, Rest API, JAVA)
			- 3rd party applications (Filezilla, S3Browser)
		- GCP and Azure have their own tools also
	- you can also automate the movement of your file from your local machine to your cloud storage with application like:
		- Watch Folders
		- Folder Syncing
- **Staging to long-term storage**
	- data is loaded from the staging (cloud storage) with specific file format into your snowflake database.