#### 1. What is warehousing in snowflake
- it is based in real world warehouses where item is stored, stocked and staged.
- movement from and to other places.
- in real world, a company might have lot of warehouses on different place, that is also the same with snowflake's virtual warehouses.

**Real World Warehouse**
- is a place where there are goods and workers.
- small warehouses can have small workers.
**Virtual Warehouse (Snowflake)**
- data are the goods (storage)
- server are the workers (compute)
- small warehouses can have less powerful processor.

**Data Mart**
- companies sometime create data marts where different type of data are stored on a separate location or database/data mart. This might create a good efficiency but it will also create a new problem, what if we want to access a data that does not belong to our current database, and what if the request required a data that are currently store on two separate data mart.
- data architects sometime duplicate data from different data marts for fast query, but it will cause a lot of errors on a long run due to data marts need to sync everything from different warehouse. 

**Snowflake Data Warehousing**
- it solve a lot of problem we normally encounter on managing our own databases and etc.
- snowflake never section of or create data silos for its data.
- it ensures faster data retrieval.
- no more replication.
- every warehouse have access to all your data.

Warehouse is a server capacity of our snowflake.
#### 2. Scaling
- Scaling Up - changing warehouse from small to medium
- Scaling Down - changing from medium to small
- Scaling Out - it adds additional warehouse with the same sized configured on the scaling up and down. It will snap back to one warehouse once the load is no longer high.
- Scaling In - once the workload is low, additional warehouse added during the peak workload will be removed.