function is a block of code which only runs when it is called.
can pass data, known as parameters, into a function.
function can return data as a result.
#### 1. Creating a function
```
def my_function():  
  print("Hello from a function")
```
#### 2. Calling a function
```
**my_function()**
```
#### 3. Arguments
argument is the value that is sent to the function when it is called.
arguments are often shortened to _args_ in Python documentations.
**Ordered arguments**
the order of arguments must match the parameter order
```
def my_function(fname):  
  print(fname + " Refsnes")
my_function("Emil")
```
**Unordered arguments**
the order of arguments does not matter
```
def my_function(child3, child2, child1):  
  print("The youngest child is " + child3)  
my_function(child1 = "Emil", child2 = "Tobias", child3 = "Linus")
```
**Arbitrary Arguments** (for tuple) `*args`
if you do not know how many arguments that will be passed into your function, add a `*` before the parameter name in the function definition.
this way the function will receive a _tuple_ of arguments, and can access the items accordingly
```
def my_function(*kids):  
  print("The youngest child is " + kids[2])

my_function("Emil", "Tobias", "Linus")
```
**Arbitrary Keyword Arguments** (for dictionary) `**kwargs`
if you do not know how many keyword arguments that will be passed into your function, add two asterisk: `**` before the parameter name in the function definition.
this way the function will receive a _dictionary_ of arguments, and can access the items accordingly.
```
def my_function(**kid):  
  print("His last name is " + kid["lname"])  
  
my_function(fname = "Tobias", lname = "Refsnes")
```
#### 4. Parameters
parameter is the variable listed inside the parentheses in the function definition.
this function expects 2 arguments, and gets 2 arguments:
```
def my_function(fname, lname):  
  print(fname + " " + lname)  
  
my_function("Emil", "Refsnes")
```
**Default parameters**
```
def my_function(**country = "Norway"**):  
  print("I am from " + country)  
  
my_function("Sweden")
```
#### 5. Returning values
```
def my_function(x):  
  **return 5 * x  
**  
print(my_function(3))
```
#### 6. Pass statement
definitions cannot be empty, but if you for some reason have a `function` definition with no content, put in the `pass` statement to avoid getting an error.
```
def myfunction():  
  pass
```
#### 7. Positional-only arguments
you can specify that a function can have ONLY positional arguments, or ONLY keyword arguments.
to specify that a function can have only positional arguments, add `, /` after the arguments.
```
def my_function(x, /):  
  print(x)  
  
my_function(3)
my_function(x = 3) # this will get an error
```
#### 8. Keyword-only arguments
to specify that a function can have only keyword arguments, add `*,` _before_ the arguments:
```
def my_function(*, x):  
  print(x)  
  
my_function(x = 3)
my_function(3) # this will get an error
```
#### 9. Combine positional and keyword only arguments
any argument _before_ the `/ ,` are positional-only, and any argument _after_ the `*,` are keyword-only.
```
def my_function(a, b, /, *, c, d):  
  print(a + b + c + d)  
  
my_function(5, 6, c = 7, d = 8)
```
#### 10. Recursion
Python also accepts function recursion, which means a defined function can call itself.

Recursion is a common mathematical and programming concept. It means that a function calls itself. This has the benefit of meaning that you can loop through data to reach a result.

The developer should be very careful with recursion as it can be quite easy to slip into writing a function which never terminates, or one that uses excess amounts of memory or processor power. However, when written correctly recursion can be a very efficient and mathematically-elegant approach to programming.

In this example, tri_recursion() is a function that we have defined to call itself ("recurse"). We use the k variable as the data, which decrements (-1) every time we recurse. The recursion ends when the condition is not greater than 0 (i.e. when it is 0).

To a new developer it can take some time to work out how exactly this works, best way to find out is by testing and modifying it.
```
def tri_recursion(k):  
  if(k > 0):  
    result = k + tri_recursion(k - 1)  
    print(result)  
  else:  
    result = 0  
  return result  
  
print("\n\nRecursion Example Results")  
tri_recursion(6)
```